Mediapipe packet latency metric (#3008)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/metrics.md

| counter      | ovms_responses | Useful to track number of packets generated by MediaPipe graph. Keep in mind that single request may trigger production of multiple (or zero) packets, therefore tracking number of responses is complementary to tracking accepted requests. For example tracking streaming partial responses of LLM text generation graphs. |
| gauge      | ovms_current_graphs | Number of graphs currently in-process. For unary communication it is equal to number of currently processing requests (each request initializes separate MediaPipe graph). For streaming communication it is equal to number of active client connections. Each connection is able to reuse the graph and decide when to delete it when the connection is closed. |
| counter      | ovms_graph_error | Counts errors in MediaPipe graph execution phase. For example V3 LLM text generation fails in LLMCalculator due to missing prompt - calculator returns an error and graph cancels. |
| histogram      | ovms_graph_processing_time_us | Tracks duration of successfully started mediapipe graphs in us. It can represent pipeline processing time for unary calls or the session length for streamed requests. |

> | histogram      | ovms_graph_request_latency_us | Tracks difference between successfully inserted and outputted packets in mediapipe graphs in us. It is equivalent to ovms_graph_processing_time_us for unary calls. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| histogram      | ovms_graph_request_latency_us | Time between MediaPipe graph packet creation (request receival) and result packet generation (full or partial response). The time uses packet timestamp as reference when request has been received, therefore using manual timestamping (via client) is discouraged. |
```

@dtrawins
